Update links to resources on modelica.org (#305)
modelica/fmi-standard.org: _posts/2017-05-15-fmi-user-meeting-prague.md

---

You are invited to join us for the next FMI User Meeting in Prague at the Modelica Conference, May 15, 2017.

> You can get the agenda [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20181116092352/https://www.modelica.org/events/modelica2017/documents/fmi-user-meeting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the agenda [here](https://2017.international.conference.modelica.org/fmi-user-meeting.html).
```
